[event-hubs] attempt RetryOptions guidelines (#6791)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/consuming-events.md

# Consuming events

> The `EventHubConsumerClient` provides a _push-based_ model for receiving events.

Reviewer: I wonder if this information would make more sense within the context of our samples, rather than as a separate document?

Author: I'm not opposed to interspersing this doc in a sample. I thought this might be more visible but can see the benefit to having this alongside a fully-working sample.

@ramya-rao-a  thoughts on converting this doc to a sample vs keeping this as separate doc?

Reviewer 2: The reference docs on the `SubscriptionEventHandlers` would be the right place for these.

Reviewer 2: I can help with that as my last PR did half of the above work in reference docs already

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/6791/commits/f9fd7d02dc62ac9c0c1041e8b012b19a754581cd

> The `EventHubConsumerClient` provides a _push-based_ model for receiving events.

Reviewer 2: Can we skip the reference to "push based model"? How about

> The `EventHubConsumerClient` lets you subscribe to events from one or all partitions of an Event Hub.
You do this by invoking the `subscribe()` method on the client which returns a subscription. Calling `close()`
on the subscription stops reading of any more events.

I would suggest skipping the 3 bullet points talking about what you can pass to the `subscribe()` method as that can be inferred by looking at the method signature.

Then jump to line 13 where you talk about what happens for **each** partition that is being read

Author: Updated!

It exposes a `subscribe` method that lets you specify:

- Whether to read from a specific partition or all partitions.
- User-provided functions that will be called while your subscription is active.
- `SubscribeOptions` that let you control how events are received, including batching options.

`subscribe` also returns a `Subscription` object that you can use to stop receiving events or
to determine if the subscription is actively receiving events.

Calling `subscribe` immediately starts the subscription.
Once the subscription starts, the following things happen for **each** partition being read.

> 1.  If supplied, the `partitionInitialize` function is invoked each time the subscription is

Reviewer 2: The term "user provided" is used in many other places. I would suggest to stick to the same. The fact that it is not mandatory is inferred from the type.

```suggestion
1.  The user-provided  `partitionInitialize` function is invoked each time the subscription is
```

>     about to begin reading from a partition.

Reviewer 2: We can use a line break here before talking about what is passed to the function.
```suggestion
    about to begin reading from a partition.
    
```

>     The `PartitionContext` passed to `partitionInitialize` can be used to determine which partition

Reviewer 2: A small attempt to reduce the code blocks :)
```suggestion
    The `PartitionContext` passed to this function can be used to determine which partition
```

>     is about to be read from.

Reviewer 2: This is a great location to add a line on what is this function useful for.

>     Events won't be received for the partition indicated until after this function returns if it was provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The client will start receiving events for the partition only after completing the execution of this function (if provided).
    Therefore, you can use this function to carry out any partition specific set up work you need including async tasks.
```

    Example:

```js
async processInitialize(context) {
 console.log(`Initializing partition "${context.partitionId}".`);
}
```

2.  The `processEvents` function is invoked with an array of events as they are received.
    The maximum number of events returned in an array, as well as the maximum amount of time to wait for

>     events to be received are configurable through the `SubscribeOptions` passed to `subscribe`.

Reviewer 2: We can use a line break here to separate what gets passed to subscribe vs processEvents.

```suggestion
    events to be received are configurable through the `SubscribeOptions` passed to `subscribe`.
    
```

>     A `PartitionContext` is also passed to `processEvents` and can be used to indicate which events have been

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    A `PartitionContext` is also passed to `processEvents` that can be used to determine which partition
    is being read from. The `updateCheckpoint()` function on this context can be used to update the 
    checkpoints in the checkpoint store. Use this in frequent intervals to mark events that have been processed,
    so that the client can restart from such checkpoints in the event of restart or error recovery.
```

Author: Shoot, I know I had this in my 1st draft :) Will add something in based on this note.
